Well, if I heard you right
You just answered the phone
Lord Kuyuan of Dragon Guard
What a noble existence Long Yinwei is
Lord Guyuan is above ten thousand people and below one person
Just you trash
Can you invite him to your wedding reception?
Dream your dream
Is it true?
Look at the screenwriter in three minutes
You say
Dragon Shadow will celebrate your wedding in the future
Have you been pretending too long?
I really thought I was the big guy
Jin Chen
It's better not to joke about this kind of thing
Don't worry, hahaha.
Sai Chen, stop struggling
Just wait for Mr. Lin to come and take your dog's life
Laugh to your heart's content.
Look behind you
Your noble Lord Huyuan has come
Dragon should be in the army of 36 groups
Do not lead the seed to be the god of war